automatically unpark a ship that is dragged to the first spot on the list (#10202)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/_ui/tooltips.txt

tip "Extra fleet status messages"
	`Display extra status messages about escorts in your fleet, such as when they are destroyed or scanned.`

tip "Automatically unpark flagship"

> 	`Automatically swap your current flagship with another ship that happens to be in first place of the order.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`Automatically unpark a ship dragged to the first position in the ship list, and make it your flagship.`
```

tip "Date format"
	`The format that dates in the game are displayed in.`

tip "Automatically unpark flagship"

> 	`Automatically swap your current flagship with another ship that happens to be in first place of the order.`

Author: I am really greatful for all the patient of yours and all the help i needed :)

	`The speed of scrolling in panels that can scroll.`

tip "Date format"

> 	`The format that dates in the game are displayed in.`

Reviewer 2: looks like you accidentally deleted the final LF

Author: May I ask what you mean by LF? Apperantly I cant find anything wrong there.

Reviewer 2: there's a unix convention that every file should end with an empty line
